[WIP] Terraform Docs for TF policy (#2690)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.1.x (beta)/docs/policy/install.mdx

---
page_title: Install the Terraform policy CLI
description: >-
  Learn how to install the `tfpolicy` command-line interface, which you can use to validate and test policies on your local machine.
---

# Install the Terraform policy CLI

Use the Terraform policy command-line interface, `tfpolicy`, to test and validate policies locally. Testing your policies helps you to identify errors when you write and update your policies, before you enforce them against your Terraform workspaces. Install the `tfpolicy` command on your local system before you author your policies and policy tests.

## Installation

> FIXME: Test installation instructions for public beta

Reviewer: The tfpolicy-cli will be available on releases soon with the link releases.hashicorp.com/tfpolicy-cli.

cc: @vidt-git will it be tfpolicy or tfpolicy-cli?

Reviewer 2: it's `tfpolicy` - https://releases.hashicorp.com/tfpolicy/0.1.0/

---
page_title: Install the Terraform policy CLI
description: >-
  Learn how to install the `tfpolicy` command-line interface, which you can use to validate and test policies on your local machine.
---

# Install the Terraform policy CLI

Use the Terraform policy command-line interface, `tfpolicy`, to test and validate policies locally. Testing your policies helps you to identify errors when you write and update your policies, before you enforce them against your Terraform workspaces. Install the `tfpolicy` command on your local system before you author your policies and policy tests.

@include "partials/beta.mdx"

## Installation

FIXME: Test installation instructions for public beta
FIXME: Other installation methods?

<Tabs>

<Tab heading="Manual installation">

> To install `tfpolicy`, find the [appropriate binary](https://releases.hashicorp.com/tfpolicy/) for your operating system and download it as a zip archive.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To install `tfpolicy`, visit the [HashiCorp releases website](https://releases.hashicorp.com/tfpolicy/) to download the appropriate binary for your operating system as a zip archive.
```
Just to provide a little more transparency about where the link takes people.

After you download `tfpolicy`, unzip the archive.

Finally, make sure that the `tfpolicy` binary is available in a directory that is in your system's `PATH`. 

Every build of `tfpolicy` includes a `SHA256SUMS` and a `SHA256SUMS.sig` file to validate your downloaded binary. Refer to the [verify HashiCorp binary downloads tutorial](https://developer.hashicorp.com/well-architected-framework/operational-excellence/verify-hashicorp-binary) for more information.

</Tab>

> <Tab heading="Homebrew on macOS">

Reviewer 2: tfpolicy cli isn't available in brew. We can remove this section.
